Auth and Catalog Images (#25)
Treblle/docs.treblle.com: src/content/docs/features/api-catalog.mdx

<img
  src="/platform/api-catalog/api-details.png"
  width="800"
  style={{ borderRadius: "8px" }}
/>

> **Tip:** You can interact with your API documentation more effectively using <a href="https://treblle.com/product/alfred" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Alfred</a>, the AI assistant. Alfred helps you navigate and understand your API docs, making it particularly useful for new team members. Learn more at: <a href="https://blog.treblle.com/whats-new-treblle-3-0-api-catalog/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Blog</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** You can interact with your API documentation more effectively using <a href="https://treblle.com/product/alfred" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"> Alfred</a>, the AI assistant. 
Alfred helps you navigate and understand your API docs, making it particularly useful for new team members. Learn more about what's new in <a href="https://blog.treblle.com/whats-new-treblle-3-0-api-catalog/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">API catalog in Treblle 3.0</a>.
```
